# Backend api with mongodb
# Operations
This repository contains a simple CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) application using MongoDB as the database.
And it covers the below business logics of a Householding
    1. Student encouragement bonus
    2. Family togetherness scheme
    3. Elder Bonus
    4. Baby Sunshine grant
    5. YOLO GST Grant


## Folder Structure:

- **controllers**: This folder contains the controllers for the application which handle incoming requests from the client and communicate with the models to retrieve and update data.

- **models**: This folder contains the MongoDB schema and models for the application.

- **routes**: This folder contains the routes for the api which handle the routing of incoming requests to the correct controller.

- **test**: This folder contains the test files for the application.

- **server.js**: This file is the entry point for the application and sets up the server and middleware.

- **package-lock.json**: This file is automatically generated for any operations where npm modifies either the node_modules tree or package.json.

- **package.json**: This file specifies the dependencies and scripts for the application.

## Run the Application
To run the application, clone the repository:

    git clone https://github.com/sangeetha-natarajan/Household-BackendApi

Then navigate to the root directory and Run `npm install` to install the necessary dependencies. 

    cd HOUSEHOLD_API
    npm install

Then, run `npm start` to start the server.
    
    npm start


## API Endpoints

# Create household
    http://localhost:5000/api/v1/households

# Student encouragement bonus
    http://localhost:5000/api/v1/households/getStudentScheme
    
    Request:
    {
        "HouseholdType": "Landed",	
        "FamilyMembers": 
        [
        {"name":"Goh","gender": "Male","maritalStatus":"Married","spouse": "Janaki", "annualIncome": 120000,"dob":"1965/01/01","occupationType":"UnEmployed"}           
        ]
    }

    Response:
    {
        "Scheme": "Student Encouragement Bonus Scheme",
        "No Of Families": 2,
        "Family Ids": [
            "6501d54b6e80bf683f8af5f5",
            "6501d8693fb82d2729f6cee1"
        ]
    }

# Family togetherness scheme
    http://localhost:5000/api/v1/households/getFamilyTogethernessScheme

# Elder Bonus
# Baby Sunshine grant
# YOLO GST Grant

## Attached the Postman collection in Testscript Folder 




    
